docs: watsonx embeddings component (#7621)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Components/components-embedding-models.md

4. In the **Hugging Face** components, set the **Inference Endpoint** field to the URL of your local inference model. **The **API Key** field is not required for local inference.**
5. Run the flow. The local inference models generate embeddings for the input text.

## IBM watsonx embeddings

This component generates text using [IBM watsonx.ai](https://www.ibm.com/watsonx) foundation models.

To use **IBM watsonx.ai** embeddings components, replace an embeddings component with the IBM watsonx.ai component in a flow.

An example document processing flow looks like the following:

![IBM watsonx embeddings model loading a chroma-db with split text](/img/component-watsonx-embeddings-chroma.png)

This flow loads a PDF file from local storage and splits the text into chunks.

The **IBM watsonx** embeddings component converts the text chunks into embeddings, which are then stored in a Chroma DB vector store.

The values for **API endpoint**, **Project ID**, **API key**, and **Model Name** are found in your IBM watsonx.ai deployment.
For more information, see the [Langchain documentation](https://python.langchain.com/docs/integrations/text_embedding/ibm_watsonx/).

> ### Default Models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Default models
```

> The component supports several default models with different vector dimensions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The component supports several default models with the following vector dimensions:
```

- `sentence-transformers/all-minilm-l12-v2`: 384-dimensional embeddings
- `ibm/slate-125m-english-rtrvr-v2`: 768-dimensional embeddings
- `ibm/slate-30m-english-rtrvr-v2`: 768-dimensional embeddings
- `intfloat/multilingual-e5-large`: 1024-dimensional embeddings

The component automatically fetches and updates the list of available models from your watsonx.ai instance when you provide your API endpoint and credentials.

### Inputs

| Name | Display Name | Info |
|------|--------------|------|
| url | watsonx API Endpoint | The base URL of the API.|
| project_id | watsonx project id | The project ID for your watsonx.ai instance. |
| api_key | API Key | The API Key to use for the model.|
| model_name | Model Name | The name of the embedding model to use.|
| truncate_input_tokens | Truncate Input Tokens | The maximum number of tokens to process. Default: `200`. |

> | input_text | Include the original text in the output | Whether to include the original text in the output. Default: `True`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| input_text | Include the original text in the output | Determines if the original text is included in the output. Default: `True`. |
```
